Welcome to the terms and conditions for
Linkedin Connect, an extension designed
to assist you with your networking
desires. Please read these terms and
conditions carefully before using the
extension. By using Linkedin Connect, you
agree to be bound by these terms and
conditions.

Educational Use Only: Linkedin Connect is
designed for educational purposes only.
It is intended to be used as a tool to
help you with connect with other users on
Linkedin, but not as a means of spamming.

No Affiliation with Linkedin: Linkedin
Connect is not affiliated with Linkedin
or any other organization.

No Purchases: Linkedin Connect does not
offer any purchases or additional
services. All features are available for
free.

Privacy Policy: Linkedin Connect collects
no data at all.

No Liability: We are not responsible for
any consequences that may arise from the
use of Linkedin Connect.

Prohibited Conduct: You may not use
Linkedin Connect to cheat or engage in
any other illegal or unethical conduct.
We reserve the right to terminate your
use of the extension if we suspect that
you are engaging in any prohibited
conduct.

Modification and Termination: We reserve
the right to modify or terminate Linkedin
Connect at any time without notice.

Governing Law: These terms and conditions
shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the country
in which you reside.

By using Linkedin Connect, you agree to
be bound by these terms and conditions.
If you do not agree with any of these
terms and conditions, please do not use
the extension.
